conda:
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    defaults
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       1_gnu    defaults
absl-py                   1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
addict                    2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
albumentations            1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi               21.3.0                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
aria2                     1.36.0               h319415d_1    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.0.5                    pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     21.4.0                   pypi_0    pypi
av                        9.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
backcall                  0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.11.1                   pypi_0    pypi
blas                      1.0                         mkl    defaults
bleach                    5.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
blueprint                 3.4.2                    pypi_0    pypi
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py38h27cfd23_1003    defaults
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7b6447c_0    defaults
c-ares                    1.19.0               h5eee18b_0    defaults
ca-certificates           2023.05.30           h06a4308_0    defaults
cachetools                5.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2023.5.7         py38h06a4308_0    defaults
cffi                      1.15.0           py38hd667e15_1    defaults
charset-normalizer        2.0.12                   pypi_0    pypi
click                     8.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
clip                      1.0                      pypi_0    pypi
codecov                   2.1.12                   pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
coverage                  6.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              36.0.0           py38h9ce1e76_0    defaults
cudatoolkit               11.3.1               h2bc3f7f_2    defaults
curl                      8.1.1                h5eee18b_1    defaults
cycler                    0.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
debugpy                   1.6.2                    pypi_0    pypi
decorator                 5.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
defusedxml                0.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
easydict                  1.10                     pypi_0    pypi
einops                    0.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
entrypoints               0.4                      pypi_0    pypi
executing                 0.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
expat                     2.4.9                h6a678d5_0    defaults
facexlib                  0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
fastjsonschema            2.16.1                   pypi_0    pypi
ffmpeg                    4.3                  hf484d3e_0    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/pytorch
filelock                  3.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
filterpy                  1.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
flake8                    4.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
flatbuffers               2.0                      pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.30.0                   pypi_0    pypi
freetype                  2.11.0               h70c0345_0    defaults
ftfy                      6.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
gdbm                      1.18                 hd4cb3f1_4    defaults
gettext                   0.21.0               hf68c758_0    defaults
giflib                    5.2.1                h7b6447c_0    defaults
git                       2.40.1          pl5340h4fa2fa2_1    defaults
gmp                       6.2.1                h2531618_2    defaults
gnutls                    3.6.15               he1e5248_0    defaults
google-auth               2.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
grad-cam                  1.4.3                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.44.0                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
icu                       58.2              hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
idna                      3.3                pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
imageio                   2.16.1                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-metadata        4.11.2                   pypi_0    pypi
importlib-resources       5.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
iniconfig                 1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
install                   1.3.5                    pypi_0    pypi
intel-openmp              2021.4.0          h06a4308_3561    defaults
interrogate               1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ipykernel                 6.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
ipython                   8.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ipython-genutils          0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ipywidgets                7.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
isort                     5.10.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.18.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jpeg                      9d                   h7f8727e_0    defaults
jsonschema                4.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter                   1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-client            7.3.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-console           6.4.4                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-core              4.11.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-pygments       0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-widgets        1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
kaggle                    1.5.13                   pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
krb5                      1.20.1               h568e23c_1    defaults
lame                      3.100                h7b6447c_0    defaults
lcms2                     2.12                 h3be6417_0    defaults
ld_impl_linux-64          2.35.1               h7274673_9    defaults
libcurl                   8.1.1                h91b91d3_1    defaults
libedit                   3.1.20221030         h5eee18b_0    defaults
libev                     4.33                 h7f8727e_1    defaults
libffi                    3.3                  he6710b0_2    defaults
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libiconv                  1.15                 h63c8f33_5    defaults
libidn2                   2.3.2                h7f8727e_0    defaults
libnghttp2                1.52.0               ha637b67_1    defaults
libpng                    1.6.37               hbc83047_0    defaults
libssh2                   1.10.0               h8f2d780_0    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              13.1.0               hfd8a6a1_0    conda-forge
libtasn1                  4.16.0               h27cfd23_0    defaults
libtiff                   4.2.0                h85742a9_0    defaults
libunistring              0.9.10               h27cfd23_0    defaults
libuv                     1.40.0               h7b6447c_0    defaults
libwebp                   1.2.2                h55f646e_0    defaults
libwebp-base              1.2.2                h7f8727e_0    defaults
libxml2                   2.9.14               h74e7548_0    defaults
llvmlite                  0.38.0                   pypi_0    pypi
lmdb                      1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h295c915_1    defaults
markdown                  3.3.6                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown-it-py            2.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
mccabe                    0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
mdurl                     0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mistune                   0.8.4                    pypi_0    pypi
mkl                       2021.4.0           h06a4308_640    defaults
mkl-service               2.4.0            py38h7f8727e_0    defaults
mkl_fft                   1.3.1            py38hd3c417c_0    defaults
mkl_random                1.2.2            py38h51133e4_0    defaults
mmcls                     1.0.0rc6                 pypi_0    pypi
mmcv-full                 1.4.6                    pypi_0    pypi
mmedit                    0.13.0                    dev_0    <develop>
mmengine                  0.7.4                    pypi_0    pypi
mmsegmentation            0.25.0                   pypi_0    pypi
model-index               0.1.11                   pypi_0    pypi
modelindex                0.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
nbclient                  0.6.6                    pypi_0    pypi
nbconvert                 6.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nbformat                  5.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.3                  h7f8727e_2    defaults
nest-asyncio              1.5.5                    pypi_0    pypi
nettle                    3.7.3                hbbd107a_1    defaults
networkx                  2.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
notebook                  6.4.12                   pypi_0    pypi
numba                     0.55.1                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.21.5                   pypi_0    pypi
numpy-base                1.21.2           py38h79a1101_0    defaults
oauthlib                  3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
onnxruntime               1.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python             4.5.4.60                 pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python-headless    4.2.0.34                 pypi_0    pypi
openh264                  2.1.1                h4ff587b_0    defaults
openssl                   1.1.1u               h7f8727e_0    defaults
ordered-set               4.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 21.3                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pandocfilters             1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
parso                     0.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pcre2                     10.42                hebb0a14_0    defaults
perl                      5.34.0               h5eee18b_2    defaults
pexpect                   4.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pickleshare               0.7.5                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    9.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pip                       23.1.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10                   pypi_0    pypi
pluggy                    1.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
prettytable               3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
prometheus-client         0.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.30                   pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  3.19.4                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ptyprocess                0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pure-eval                 0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
py                        1.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.4.8                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.2.8                    pypi_0    pypi
pycodestyle               2.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pyflakes                  2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pyparsing                 3.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.18.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1            py38h06a4308_0    defaults
pytest                    7.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pytest-runner             6.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python                    3.8.12               h12debd9_0    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python-graphviz           0.20.1                   pypi_0    pypi
python-slugify            8.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pytorch                   1.11.0          py3.8_cuda11.3_cudnn8.2.0_0    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/pytorch
pytorch-mutex             1.0                        cuda    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/cloud/pytorch
pytz                      2023.3                   pypi_0    pypi
pywavelets                1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0                      pypi_0    pypi
pyzmq                     23.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
qtconsole                 5.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
qtpy                      2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
qudida                    0.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.1.2                h7f8727e_1    defaults
regex                     2023.5.5                 pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.27.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rich                      13.4.1                   pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.8                      pypi_0    pypi
scapy                     2.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
scikit-image              0.19.2                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
seaborn                   0.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
send2trash                1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                58.0.4           py38h06a4308_0    defaults
six                       1.16.0             pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
soupsieve                 2.3.2.post1              pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.38.0               hc218d9a_0    defaults
stack-data                0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tabulate                  0.8.9                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard               2.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-data-server   0.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboardx              2.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 2.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
terminado                 0.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
text-unidecode            1.3                      pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tifffile                  2022.2.9                 pypi_0    pypi
timm                      0.6.11                   pypi_0    pypi
tinycss2                  1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.11               h1ccaba5_0    defaults
toml                      0.10.2                   pypi_0    pypi
tomli                     2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
torch                     1.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
torchaudio                0.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
torchcontrib              0.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
torchviz                  0.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.2                      pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.63.0                   pypi_0    pypi
traitlets                 5.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
ttach                     0.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2023.3                   pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   1.26.8             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
wcwidth                   0.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
webencodings              0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
werkzeug                  2.0.3                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
widgetsnbextension        3.6.1                    pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.2.5                h7b6447c_0    defaults
yacs                      0.1.8                    pypi_0    pypi
yapf                      0.32.0                   pypi_0    pypi
zipp                      3.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_0    defaults
zstd                      1.4.9                haebb681_0    defaults

pip:
absl-py==1.0.0
addict==2.4.0
albumentations==1.3.0
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
asttokens==2.0.5
attrs==21.4.0
av==9.0.1
backcall==0.2.0
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
bleach==5.0.1
blueprint==3.4.2
brotlipy==0.7.0
cachetools==5.0.0
certifi
cffi
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
click==8.0.4
clip
codecov==2.1.12
colorama==0.4.4
coverage==6.3.2
cryptography
cycler==0.11.0
debugpy==1.6.2
decorator==5.1.1
defusedxml==0.7.1
easydict==1.10
einops==0.6.0
entrypoints==0.4
executing==0.9.1
facexlib==0.2.2
fastjsonschema==2.16.1
filelock==3.8.0
filterpy==1.4.5
flake8==4.0.1
flatbuffers==2.0
fonttools==4.30.0
ftfy==6.1.1
google-auth==2.6.0
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
grad-cam==1.4.3
graphviz==0.20.1
grpcio==1.44.0
huggingface-hub==0.10.1
idna
imageio==2.16.1
importlib-metadata==4.11.2
importlib-resources==5.9.0
iniconfig==1.1.1
install==1.3.5
interrogate==1.5.0
ipykernel==6.15.1
ipython==8.4.0
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
ipywidgets==7.7.1
isort==5.10.1
jedi==0.18.1
Jinja2==3.1.2
joblib==1.1.0
jsonschema==4.9.0
jupyter==1.0.0
jupyter-client==7.3.4
jupyter-console==6.4.4
jupyter-core==4.11.1
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
kaggle==1.5.13
kiwisolver==1.3.2
llvmlite==0.38.0
lmdb==1.3.0
Markdown==3.3.6
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
MarkupSafe==2.1.1
matplotlib==3.5.1
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
mccabe==0.6.1
mdurl==0.1.2
mistune==0.8.4
mkl-fft==1.3.1
mkl-random
mkl-service==2.4.0
mmcls==1.0.0rc6
mmcv-full==1.4.6
# Editable install with no version control (mmedit==0.13.0)
-e /data/jiangnan/jnGAN/mmediting
mmengine==0.7.4
mmsegmentation==0.25.0
model-index==0.1.11
modelindex==0.0.2
nbclient==0.6.6
nbconvert==6.5.0
nbformat==5.4.0
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
networkx==2.7.1
notebook==6.4.12
numba==0.55.1
numpy
oauthlib==3.2.0
onnxruntime==1.10.0
opencv-python==4.5.4.60
opencv-python-headless==4.2.0.34
ordered-set==4.1.0
packaging==21.3
pandas==2.0.1
pandocfilters==1.5.0
parso==0.8.3
pexpect==4.8.0
pickleshare==0.7.5
Pillow==9.0.1
pkgutil_resolve_name==1.3.10
pluggy==1.0.0
prettytable==3.3.0
prometheus-client==0.14.1
prompt-toolkit==3.0.30
protobuf==3.19.4
psutil==5.9.1
ptyprocess==0.7.0
pure-eval==0.2.2
py==1.11.0
pyasn1==0.4.8
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
pycodestyle==2.8.0
pycparser
pyflakes==2.4.0
Pygments==2.15.1
pyOpenSSL
pyparsing==3.0.7
pyrsistent==0.18.1
PySocks
pytest==7.0.1
pytest-runner==6.0.0
python-dateutil==2.8.2
python-slugify==8.0.1
pytz==2023.3
PyWavelets==1.3.0
PyYAML==6.0
pyzmq==23.2.0
qtconsole==5.3.1
QtPy==2.1.0
qudida==0.0.4
regex==2023.5.5
requests
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
rich==13.4.1
rsa==4.8
scapy==2.5.0
scikit-image==0.19.2
scikit-learn==1.1.1
scipy==1.8.0
seaborn==0.12.2
Send2Trash==1.8.0
six
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
stack-data==0.3.0
tabulate==0.8.9
tensorboard==2.8.0
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
tensorboardX==2.5.1
termcolor==2.2.0
terminado==0.15.0
text-unidecode==1.3
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
tifffile==2022.2.9
timm==0.6.11
tinycss2==1.1.1
toml==0.10.2
tomli==2.0.1
torch==1.11.0
torchaudio==0.11.0
torchcontrib==0.0.2
torchvision==0.12.0
torchviz==0.0.2
tornado==6.2
tqdm==4.63.0
traitlets==5.3.0
ttach==0.0.3
typing_extensions==4.1.1
tzdata==2023.3
urllib3 
wcwidth==0.2.5
webencodings==0.5.1
Werkzeug==2.0.3
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
yacs==0.1.8
yapf==0.32.0
zipp==3.7.0
